(JAMES BOND THEME PLAYING)
(MAN SINGING PRAYER)
- The coffin, it has your initials, J.B.
- At this moment, rather him than me.
At least you've been saved
the effort of removing him.
Colonel Bouvar passed away in his sleep,
so they tell me.
You sound disappointed
you did not kill him yourself, huh?
I am. Jacques Bouvar murdered
two of my colleagues.
Is there anything else our French station
can do for Monsieur Bond?
Later, perhaps.
As I said, later. Come on.
(LOCKS DOOR)
Madame. I've come to offer
my sincere condolences.
My dear Colonel Bouvar,
I don't think you should have opened
that car door by yourself.
(POUNDING ON DOOR)
No well-dressed man
should be without one.
- Yes, very practical.
- Get inside.
- They're coming. Quickly.
- Hurry!
(THUNDERBALL PLAYING)
He always runs while others walk
He acts while other men just talk
He looks at this world, and wants it all
So he strikes, like thunderball
He knows the meaning of success
His needs are more, so he gives less
They call him the winner who takes all
And he strikes, like thunderball
Any woman he wants, he'll get
He will break any heart without regret
His days of asking are all gone
His fight goes on and on and on
But he thinks that the fight is worth it all
So he strikes, like thunderball
Hey, no parking here!
Oh, pardon, Monsieur Largo.
The International Brotherhood
for Assistance of Stateless Persons
is purely philanthropic.
We're not interested in politics,
only in your rehabilitation.
We have been able to arrange for visas
with the Brazilian Consulate.
- Thank you, Monsieur.
- The Brotherhood will look after you
-until your...
- Good morning, Mr. Largo.
Good morning.
- Nice to have you back again.
- Until you're once again self-supporting.
- Thank you, my dear.
- We pay back everything.
There will be no need.
We have certain funds
from private individuals
who share our aim.
There are just one or two formalities.
Sit down, Number Two.
We will discuss your NATO project later.
I regret to inform you all of the death
of SPECTRE Number Six.
Colonel Jacques Bouvar was killed
by an unknown assassin.
His services will be greatly missed.
We will now proceed
with the area financial reports.
Number Seven?
Blackmail of the double agent
Matsou Fujiwa.
Unfortunately, only 40 million yen,
all the man had.
- Number 10?
- Assassination of Perringe,
the French anti-matter specialist
who went over to the Russians.
Three million francs
from the special department
of the Quai d'Orsay.
Number Five.
Our consultation fee
for the British train robbery, £250,000.
Number 11.
Distribution of Red China narcotics
in the United States, $2,300,000,
-collected by Number Nine and myself.
- Two million three?
Our expectations
were considerably higher, Number 11.
Competition from Latin America.
Prices are down.
I anticipated that factor.
Are you quite sure all monies
have been accounted for
by yourself and Number Nine?
- To the penny, Number One.
- On the contrary.
I have satisfied myself that one of you
is clearly guilty of embezzlement.
SPECTRE is a dedicated fraternity
whose strength lies
in the absolute integrity of its members.
The culprit is known to me.
I have decided on the appropriate action.
Let us now proceed with new business.
We will hear from Number Two,
who is in charge of our NATO project,
the most ambitious
SPECTRE has ever undertaken.
- Your report, Number Two.
- Thank you, Number One.
Our intention is to demand a ransom
from the North Atlantic Treaty powers
of $280 million. £100 million.
I have sent SPECTRE agent Count Lippe
to the south of England,
where he is making
the necessary preparations.
He is at a health clinic
conveniently located
near the NATO air base.
- Oh, Pat?
- Oh, hello.
- I'll see you when I've had a shower, huh?
- I'll soon be finished.
Mr. Bond. Count Lippe.
You're not taking her away already,
are you?
She's the only joy in this dreary place.
I see you've discovered that, too.
- In about half an hour, Pat.
- I'll be ready.
I've heard that before.
Oh, nice to have met you, Mr. Bond.
- Funny-looking bruise. A fall?
- A poker, in the hands of a widow.
I'm surprised. I'd have thought
you were just the type for a widow.
Oh, not this one. He didn't like me at all.
A red square with a spike through it.
Yes, I think it's a tong sign.
The Red Dragon from Macao.
- Ask Records to verify it for me, will you?
- Oh, sorry, sweetie. You're off duty.
File it till you get back.
Moneypenny, next time I see you,
I'll put you across my knee.
On yogurt and lemon juice?
I can hardly wait!
- Come on, Pat, we're behind schedule.
- Coming.
I can't hear you, James. Have you fainted?
(BELL RINGING)
You're late, Mr. Bond.
- Me?
- Mmm-hmm.
Well, I'd never have recognized myself.
- Do I seem healthy?
- Too healthy, by far.
Take off your bathrobe, please.
- You never say that as if you meant it.
- Arms above your head, please.
Behave yourself, Mr. Bond!
Oh, I can see there's only one place
to keep you quiet.
And what's this?
A motorized traction table
for stretching the spine.
- Some patients call it the rack.
- I'm not surprised.
Oh, get on.
Where's the kick-starter?
Oh, stop fooling around
and face down, please.
Face down?
By the way, who is the man in the room
next to your Count Lippe?
I really don't know too much about him.
A Mr. Angelo.
He's here with a private physician,
recuperating from an awful car crash,
I understand.
There now.
First time I've felt really safe all day.
I'll look in and see how you're doing
in 15 minutes.
Nice to have met you, Mr. Bond.
Hey! Hey, come back!
Hey! Hey!
Help! Help! Hey!
Help!
Mr. Bond! Mr. Bond! Mr. Bond!
Oh, thank God!
Thank God! You could have been killed!
- I must be 6 inches taller.
- Oh, you poor dear!
I can't think how it could have happened.
I can tell you,
it's a miracle I came back when I did.
I can only think that you must have
pushed the switch accidentally.
Well, you better come along with me.
Spend a few minutes in the steam room.
- It'll help to relax you.
- Yes.
Might even shrink you back to size.
Somebody's going to wish
today had never happened.
Oh, you wouldn't tell Dr. Wain?
Please. I'd lose my job.
Well, I suppose my silence
could have a price.
- You don't mean... Oh, no.
- Oh, yes.
See you later, alligator.
What the hell do you think you are doing?
- Now don't you worry. I'll tell the chef.
- Let me out of this bloody machine! Help!
Help! Isn't there anybody listening?
Mink. It reduces the tensions.
Not mine.
(PHONE RINGING)
- Major Derval's social secretary.
- I would like to speak to Mr. Angelo.
- What's that?
- Mr. Angelo.
I'm sorry. You got the wrong number.
You don't think you could be
more comfortable if you take off...
(PHONE RINGING)
Yes?
- Major Derval?
- This is Major Derval.
- Your car is waiting.
I'll be down right away. Thank you.
My car's here. Duty calls.
The story of my life.
You'll be late at the air base.
And besides,
it will give you time to cool off.
You'll be here when I come back?
Mmm-hmm.
But I may not be in the mood then.
- Do you want to bet?
- You know your François?
I know me.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
All right, all right.
- I told him I'd be down.
- Your coat, sir?
- Happy landing.
- Thank you.
Be good. At least until I get back.
Ciao!
- Nobody saw us. The corridor is empty.
- Shut that door!
He's dead all right. Lippe, you take over.
Are the doctor and ambulance outside?
- Everything, as arranged.
- Angelo!
Your breathing equipment.
Isolates you from the oxygen supply.
Gamma gas. Instantaneous.
Type you just used. And most important...
Not enough. $100,000 is not enough.
- What are you trying to say?
- I changed my mind.
Two years of my life,
studying the film, the reports,
plastic operations, voice lessons.
Make it a quarter of a million
or get someone else.
- There is no one else!
- Exactly. I am Derval.
Put that away. Angelo is right.
I'll inform Number One
we made a new arrangement.
This is merely a down payment.
- All right, but against quarter of a million.
- Agreed.
His watch. Identification disk.
- Au revoir!
- No, no. He always says ciao.
- Ciao!
- And the cap,
it's too far back on your head.
The rest of my money, just have it ready.
Come on. Get him into his pajamas.
Sir? Identity, please, sir.
Thank you, sir.
This is a normal training sortie,
and you'll be accompanied
by a NATO representative,
Commandant Derval.
Major Derval of NATO.
It's a routine flight,
and you'll be flying a Vulcan
at an altitude of 45,000 feet,
armed with two atomic bombs, MOS type.
Fuse is, as usual,
in the white security box.
Oh, those damned airplanes.
They're enough to drive you mad.
Unless, of course,
it's that mink glove of yours.
I'll shut out the noise.
- James? James, where are you going?
- Nowhere.
- I thought I'd take a little exercise.
- You must be joking!
Come on!
Quiet!
Windsor Police. Can I help you?
County Police here. Hello? Hello?
(FIRE ALARM RINGING)
What's happening? What's going on?
I don't know.
Could it be the front doorbell?
- No, it most certainly could not.
- Oh, hello.
Haven't you had enough exercise
for one evening?
It's funny you should say that.
Point of return, 45 minutes, 30 seconds.
Switch from manual to auto.
Right. Set on automatic. Commandant?
Would you care to change places
with the co-pilot? Better view up here.
I'll be delighted to.
MAN ON COMM:
Scouting. Wind, 290 degrees, 12 knots.
Cloud, two-eighths at 3,500,
five-eighths at 9,000.
Temperature, 17 degrees centigrade.
Maximum wind bearing.
Sky obscure...
RAFJET Kilo Kilo Tango 56.
This is Southern Radar.
You are now under positive radar control.
This is avoiding action.
Turn onto a heading of 090 degrees...
(ALARM SOUNDING)
(COUGHING)
(GROANING)
MAN ON RADIO:
Request you report your position.
RAFJET Mike Bravo X-ray.
Report your position.
This is the bomber controller
to RAFJET Mike Bravo X-ray 79. Over.
Here, take this, will you?
What's the flap, Dawson?
OBNR, sir. NATO training flight.
Air traffic flashed us. They lost it on radar,
and we haven't been able
to pick it up anywhere.
Was she losing altitude
when she went off the screen?
Yes, sir, rapidly.
We can't scan below 300 feet,
-and, well, she may have gone down.
- Was she in trouble?
Not according to the last scheduled report,
which came from about here.
- She is armed, isn't she?
- Two atomic weapons, sir. MOS type.
Get everything you can into the area.
A thorough search.
Notify the Admiralty at once.
Top priority. Absolute security.
- Ask them to contact Washington.
- Very good, sir.
- Is there anything else in sight?
- No, all clear.
Switch on the underwater landing lights.
- Open the underwater hatch.
- Open underwater hatch.
- Stand by to winch in the submarine!
- Man the winches!
- Give these bomb fuses to Mr. Kutze.
- Right, sir.
Get the submarine up quickly
and the bombs loaded in the containers.
You, Kutze,
are you pleased with your new toys?
Some safety device. A secret control.
What can they have that
the great Ladislav Kutze cannot handle?
Life was much simpler
in my Warsaw laboratory.
Your share will amount to
how many Nobel Prizes?
Bomb forward!
More, more, more. Hold it!
Paris, sir. Number One on the scrambler.
Number Two speaking.
Phase two completed.
Number Two has done well,
unlike Count Lippe,
whose choice of Angelo
might have jeopardized
the success of our project.
Send a message to the Execution Branch.
You will write?
Or telephone, at the very least?
Oh, day by day. But I'm truly sorry
to have to dash off like this,
but there's been a bit of a flap
at the office.
- What kind of work do you do, anyway?
- Oh, I travel.
A sort of licensed trouble-shooter.
- Mr. Angelo. Heart attack last night.
- I'm not surprised.
- Keep in touch.
- Anytime, James. Anyplace.
Another time, another place.
- You are late!
- Yes.
Some people on the roads
really burn you up these days.
Uh-uh. In the conference room.
Something pretty big.
Every 00 man in Europe's been rushed in.
- And the Home Secretary, too.
- His wife's probably lost her dog.
Well, now that we're all here...
The Prime Minister has asked
the Home Secretary
to come and represent him here today.
The Home Secretary.
Gentlemen, the tape
that you are about to hear
was received at 10 Downing Street
this morning.
MAN: My dear Prime Minister,
two atomic bombs, numbers 456 and 457,
which were aboard NATO flight 759,
are now in the possession of SPECTRE.
Unless within the next seven days
your government pays to us £100 million
in a manner to be designated by us,
we shall destroy a major city in England
or the United States of America.
Please signal your acceptance of our terms
by arranging for Big Ben to strike
seven times at 6:00 p.m. tomorrow.
The Prime Minister and the President
have talked together over the hotline
and have agreed
that unless the bombs are recovered
payment will have to be made.
To avoid general panic,
complete secrecy will be maintained,
and no press announcements.
The Prime Minister has asked
that your department take charge
-of the operation.
- Thank you, sir. Sir John.
This circle represents the full flying range
of the Vulcan.
Extensive search has failed
to locate any evidence
of either a crash or landing.
And worldwide reports
have proved negative
on all airfields large enough
to handle the Vulcan.
- That's all we have, sir.
- Thank you, Sir John.
Well, I'll leave you to carry on.
- We'll keep you in touch from Number 10.
- Thank you, sir.
You may now open the folders
in front of you.
Code name, Thunderball.
As you can see, we've very little to go on.
All the members of the crew
had top security clearance.
You'll find their photographs
and service records in your files.
You'll be working with NATO, CIA
and all allied intelligence units.
Well, that's all, until you discuss
your individual assignments with me.
I've assigned you to Station C, Canada.
Group Captain Pritchard here
will be your Air Force Liaison.
Sir, I respectfully suggest
that you change my assignment
to Nassau.
Is there any other reason
besides your enthusiasm for water sports?
Perhaps this, sir.
Well, well.
Well, there was a photograph
of that man in this dossier you gave us.
His name is Derval.
Well, I saw him last night at Shrublands,
but he was dead.
Oh, no, sir, not possible.
He was seen boarding the Vulcan.
Took off last night.
If 007 says he saw Derval last night
at Shrublands and he was dead,
that's enough for me to initiate inquiries.
Oh, well. Yes, sir. Of course.
- Who is this girl?
- Derval's sister, sir.
(SIGHING)
- Do you know where she is now?
- Nassau.
- Do you think she's worth going after?
- I wouldn't have put it quite that way, sir.
You've only got four days, 007.
Don't spend your time sitting around.
No, sir, I won't.
- Good luck.
- Thank you, sir.
Smashing figure!
I don't suppose that has anything to do
with your request.
Was there ever a man
more misunderstood?
Now, James,
you can't pull the wool over my eyes.
You may be able to con the old man,
but I know better. I could...
So do I, Miss Moneypenny.
And I'll thank you not to refer to me
as "the old man."
I think I had a hat when I came in.
James? How else will you recognize her?
Couldn't miss.
She has two moles on the left thigh.
- Thank you, Mr...
- James Bond.
I arrived soon after you went down.
I've been admiring your form.
Have you, now? Your name's James Bond
and you've been admiring my form?
Most girls just paddle around.
- You swim like a man.
- So do you.
Well, I've had quite a bit of practice.
Do you come here often?
Whenever I'm bored. Practically every day.
What else do you do, and where?
- You don't waste time, do you?
- No.
- For effort.
- Oh, thank you.
I'll wear it, so you'll know me next time.
I was right. Couldn't miss.
- I'm not with you.
- Oh, you soon will be.
- Paula! Give me a hand, will you?
- Get in.
Tell London I've made contact
with the girl.
Well, it's not what I'd call contact,
but I'll pass it through you've seen the girl.
(MOTOR IGNITION SPUTTERING)
- Keep trying.
- It won't start!
Ahoy there! Our motor's conked out.
You wouldn't be going
anywhere near Coral Harbor, would you?
I wasn't, but I could.
Well, I've a very important
appointment there,
-and I'd very much appreciate a lift.
- Come aboard, then.
You don't mind taking the service boat,
do you?
- Not at all.
- Hurry up!
- Perhaps you could lunch by the pool.
- How about your urgent appointment?
- How long have you been out here?
- About three weeks.
- Don't you ever stop asking questions?
- All right. Change of tack.
Have some of my conch chowder.
You've been reading the wrong books,
Mr. Bond.
- About conch chowder?
- Being an aphrodisiac.
Well, it just so happens
that I like conch chowder.
Oh.
- Friend of yours?
- Works for my guardian.
- Your guardian has you watched?
- He likes to know where I am.
I don't blame him.
(SHIP HORN SOUNDING)
- Will you excuse me?
- You're not going so soon?
I'm afraid so. My guardian's yacht.
- Oh, really?
- He'll be expecting me.
May I come with you?
I'd love to meet your guardian.
Oh, no!
- Will I see you again?
- It's a small island.
- Perhaps we can have dinner together.
- No.
- My dear, uncooperative Domino...
- How do you know that?
How do you know
my friends call me Domino?
- It's on the bracelet on your ankle.
- So, what sharp little eyes you've got!
Wait till you get to my teeth.
- Bye, then.
- Bye.
- See you tomorrow on the beach.
- See you guys soon.
£500, please.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
Thanks.
- Oh.
- Sorry.
- There.
- Thank you.
Two hundred.
(CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
(BOND AND CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
Eight.
Someone has to lose.
Yes, I thought I saw a specter
at your shoulder.
- What do you mean?
- The specter of defeat.
- That your luck was due to change.
- We'll soon find out.
Any objection to raise the limit?
£500, should we say?
- Too big for me.
- Count me out, too.
Perhaps you'd like to take the shoe.
My friend won't mind, Mr...
- Bond.
- Oh, yes. Mr. Bond.
- One of my associates spoke about you.
- Nothing bad, I hope.
(CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
It's your specter against mine, huh?
You wish to put the evil eye on me, huh?
We have a way to deal with that
where I come from.
Well, you may hex me.
Let's see what it does for the cards.
- No.
- Seven.
- Six.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
- Eight.
- Nine.
(CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
(ALL MURMURING)
You seem to be unbeatable, Mr. Bond.
For the moment.
This sort of thing can't last.
- Emilio, you promised to buy me a drink.
- Soon, my dear.
- I want to get my money back first.
- May I be allowed to buy the lady a drink?
- I would appreciate that. Thank you.
- Then I must pass the shoe.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
He's going to be impossible
if his luck doesn't change.
Somehow I don't think it will tonight.
Beluga caviar, Dom Pérignon '55.
- Monsieur.
- Thank you.
I understand you're Mr. Largo's niece.
It sounds better than...
What would you say? Mistress?
- Kept woman?
- I wouldn't say that.
- Where did you meet him?
- In Capri.
I was there with my brother, François.
Strange. I found Emilio attractive then.
- Does he live aboard the yacht?
- No. He has a house on the island.
- Must we talk about him?
- No.
- I'd much rather dance.
- So would I.
- Where is your brother now?
- In England.
He's a commandant
with the NATO forces there.
He's a wonderful person.
The trouble is,
I never meet anyone like him.
Only men like Largo and myself.
- You are not like Largo.
- No?
Why do you say that?
The way you hold me.
There.
How long you staying on here in Nassau?
We are going the day after tomorrow.
- As I said, we haven't got very much time.
- Emilio wants to leave.
Are you sleeping aboard tonight?
I hoped you'd not be so obvious.
Well, when one has little time,
one sort of has to be obvious.
- You know where you can find me.
- LARGO: Mr. Bond.
Your niece is an excellent dancer.
Let me prove I'm as good a loser
as you are a winner, Mr. Bond.
Come to lunch on Sunday at Palmyra.
It's my house here.
- Sunday at noon, then.
- My dear.
- Good night.
You must tell me
what Mr. Bond had to say, word for word.
He talked about you a little.
What was he saying just then?
I didn't quite hear.
He asked,
"Were we sleeping aboard tonight?"
Interesting.
- My key. It's 304, please.
- Thank you. 304.
- I'm sorry. No mail.
- Thank you.
Paula?
(TAPE REWINDING)
(PUSHING STOP BUTTON)
(DOOR UNLOCKING ON CASSETTE)
(DOOR OPENING)
(DOOR CLOSING)
(FOOTSTEPS SOUNDING)
(DOOR OPENING)
(SHOWER CURTAIN SLIDING OPEN)
BOND ON TAPE: Paula?
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Well, hello, 00...
Shh.
(TURNING ON SHOWER)
(SCREAMING)
Fine way to treat the CIA!
Sorry about that, Felix,
but you were just about to say 007.
Here.
- Well, James? Have you killed him?
- You know me better than that.
There you go, smiler.
Have you seen
everything you came to see?
Go back to your friends and report.
Tell them the little fish
I throw back into the sea.
- Give it to him.
- You're going to shoot me in the back?
The gun, I mean.
Now move!
- Who was he?
- Like I said, a small fish.
Working for a Mr. Largo.
He's got a yacht
we should take a look at later.
- Quist, to see Mr. Largo.
- Open up!
(PHONE RINGING)
Yes? It's Quist!
Gently, my friend, gently.
- What did you find?
- Nothing.
- You saw Bond?
- Yes, I saw him.
What happened?
You let him get the better of you.
No!
(BEGGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
No!No!No!No!
- Hey there! Did you finally make contact?
- You're late.
- Felix Leiter, this is Pinder, our man here.
- How do you do?
This way, gentlemen.
- Who's the girl, James?
- Paula Caplan, my assistant here.
RADIO ANNOUNCER: We have no plans
to visit the United States.
Now here is a special announcement
from the Overseas Service of the BBC.
Big Ben actually did strike seven times
at 6:00 this evening.
This was caused by a mechanical failure,
which last occurred
during a violent electrical storm in 1898.
Here once again are the headlines...
Obviously stalling for time.
- Oh, no.
-007.
- What a wonderful surprise.
- Well, for me, too.
I must say, I find this business
of equipping you in the field,
on the run, as it were, highly irregular.
Here we have a Geiger counter,
useful and unobtrusive.
The sweep hand takes
the radioactivity count.
- It's waterproof, of course.
- But of course.
Now here's something I want you to use
with special care.
With special care.
- Everything you give me...
-ls treated with equal contempt.
Yes, I know.
But that's an underwater camera.
It takes eight pictures in rapid succession
by pressing that button there.
- Is that clever?
- Well, if it can take pictures in the dark
with an infrared film, yes.
Try to be a little less
than your usual frivolous self, 007.
Now here's a miniature Very pistol,
which fires a bright red flare,
a distress signal.
- You should keep it on you day and night.
- I resent that remark.
Here! Look, do you mind?
Now, in the event of a rebreather
not being available,
you can use this device.
For short periods only, of course.
Say about four minutes.
- Clever.
- Obviously you'll only use it
as a last resort.
It closes to a convenient pocket size.
That's assuming one has
a convenient pocket.
Now pay attention.
A recently developed
harmless radioactive device...
Harmless?
...which sends out a homing signal
to a special receiver.
Hmm.
- And what am I supposed to do with this?
- Obviously, you
-swallow it.
- Now?
Let's hope she'll still be lying
in the same place tonight.
We'll use this catamaran
as a rendezvous place for later.
- Good idea.
- Take her in.
A container will be dropped off the coast
of Burma in the Mergui Archipelago,
latitude 20 degrees north,
longitude 60 degrees east,
at 2000 hours Greenwich Mean Time
on May 27th.
It will hold blue-white flawless diamonds
between three and eight karats.
Total value to be not less
than £100 million, present market price.
After we have recovered the container
and verified its contents,
you will be notified
on radio frequency 16.23 megacycles
where the atomic bombs
may be recovered.
(PHONE RINGING)
Kenniston, you better get on to De Beers
at once.
Yes, sir.
Well, gentlemen,
unless those bombs are found,
I'm very much afraid
we'll have to pay their price.
- Sir.
- Oh, yes.
Signal from 007 in Nassau.
One or two things that might interest us.
The Disco Volante is still in the harbor,
lying off the Casino Channel.
The catamaran is there, too,
so we can use her for cover.
Oh, that's fine.
You can drop me in the water behind her.
- Any further news from London?
- No.
Zero hour is still 2000 hours on the 27th.
- That's just 55 hours from now.
- Yes. Shall we go?
- Okay, this will do here.
- Okay, we'll meet back at Pinder's.
Good luck.
(ALARM BUZZING)
Turn the underwater lights on.
TV closed circuit!
Hand grenades.
Ready!
Down there.
(GRENADE EXPLODING)
There!
Quick! Launch!
Hey! There's something there!
(CLANGING)
That's him! Turn around!
Hold that.
Look! We must have hit him
with the propeller.
Let's get back and tell Largo.
- Can I have a lift?
- Sure.
Thank you.
- You've just about saved my life.
- Really?
My outboard capsized,
so I had to swim ashore.
How far do you go?
You better fasten your safety belt.
- What's your name?
- James Bond.
Fiona Volpe.
- You fly here often?
- Do I make you nervous?
No. It's just that I have no desire
to be capsized twice in one night.
Well, at least you won't have to
swim ashore.
Have you been here before, Mr. Bond?
No, I haven't.
But this is the road to Nassau?
Yes. Eventually.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
- Well, this is as far as I go.
- Yes, me, too. This is my hotel.
- What a coincidence!
- Yes. So convenient.
You look pale, Mr. Bond.
I hope I didn't frighten you.
No, actually, I've always been
a nervous passenger.
Some men just don't like to be driven.
No, some men just don't like
to be taken for a ride.
Look at this. An underwater hatch.
Yeah. So, that's how
they could leave and get back.
Yes. And nobody saw them.
Obviously, the whole operation
was carried out underwater.
So, that's where we'll have to
look for the plane. Come on, Felix.
I'll bring the prints to the hotel
when they're dry.
Yes, the Air Force searched the area
250 miles out of Nassau.
This one must be beyond that radius.
Yeah, that's if the Disco Volante
was out that night.
Yeah, sure she was.
But Harbor Control said only for six hours.
She couldn't cover 500 miles
in that time, no.
About 90 miles is her limit for six hours,
and that's out and back.
I reckon we've got to go further out,
and we'll need more gas for that.
All right, let's get back to Nassau.
We haven't got much time.
You're right, James, we haven't.
Pull!
Of course they are watching us, my dear.
What else have they to do?
- You would like Bond dead.
- I can think of no better arrangement.
Because he tries to make love
to your woman?
Because he is Bond, and as an enemy
of SPECTRE, should be killed.
Mark!
If Bond had died last night
as a result of your hastiness,
his government would have known
for certain the bombs are here.
When the time is right,
he will be killed. Pull!
I shall kill him.
A separate pool.
For sharks, no less. Move in.
Hold on that line.
That's Largo's place, all right.
My next port of call.
(RINGS BELL)
- Mr. Largo?
- Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Can I help?
Why, Mr. Bond. Of course you can.
That looks particularly inviting.
Mr. Bond. Welcome to Palmyra.
Oh, it's a pleasure.
I just hope I'm not interrupting anything.
What do you mean?
I thought perhaps you'd another visitor.
No.
That gun. Looks more fitting for a woman.
Do you know much about guns, Mr. Bond?
No. I know a little about women.
Mr. Janni, Mr. Vargas.
Oh, which is which?
I thought you might have met Mr. Vargas
the other night.
- Oh, yes. I believe I did.
- Drinks, sir.
- Rum Collins, Mr. Bond?
- Yes. Just about that hour, isn't it?
For you?
Of course! Vargas does not drink.
Does not smoke.
Does not make love.
What do you do, Vargas?
Every man has his passion. Mine is fishing.
What is yours, Mr. Bond?
Well, I'm not what you'd call
a passionate man.
(CHUCKLES)
I think it's time I went to change.
You must let me show you around.
Oh, I'd love that.
I thought you might.
Pull!
What could be easier?
- Perhaps you'd call one for me.
- Of course. Pull!
Seems terribly difficult.
- No, it isn't, is it?
- No.
I collect big game fish
for various marine institutions.
Magnificent creatures.
Charming.
The notorious Golden Grotto sharks.
The most savage, the most dangerous.
They know when it's time
for them to be fed.
- That boat, is she yours?
- The Disco Volante? Yes.
- I'm very proud of her.
- What does she do? About 15 knots?
Better than that. Near 20.
Perhaps you'd like to see over her.
Yes, I would, very much.
- Emilio, lunch is ready.
- Thank you, my darling.
Come along, Mr. Bond.
The conch chowder smells delicious.
Domino, I was just thinking,
as I'll be busy this evening,
perhaps Mr. Bond will be kind enough
to take you to the Junkanoo.
It's our local Mardi Gras.
You'll be my guest tonight, Mr. Bond.
- Well, that's very kind of you.
- It will be my pleasure.
Oh, hello!
Oh, hello.
Our Mr. Bond must have
a high opinion of himself.
Opinion?
Yes. He has a date with me, too.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Excuse me.
Let me go! Let me go! No!
- Over here.
- Let me go!
Don't let her make so much noise.
Use the chloroform.
Well, Largo did promise he'd come,
didn't he?
He'll be here, don't worry.
James, I think that man's waving at you.
Quick!
Excuse me for a second.
- James, Paula's gone.
- What do you mean "gone"?
I don't know.
She just checked out of the hotel.
You look after Domino. Watch her.
- Do you think she was on to something?
- I don't know, but I've got to find out.
- You watch out for her.
- All right.
Yeah, all right. Thank you.
Governor's not very happy, but you'll have
a power cut as you requested
all over the island.
I don't give a damn
about the rest of the island.
- I just want the lights out in Palmyra.
- You'll have it.
What do you mean she won't talk?
Don't worry. She will.
What's wrong?
(MAN SHOUTING)
- Dimitri! Is it a power failure?
- Yes! All over the island!
- Switch over to the emergency generator.
- Yes, sir.
(DOOR OPENING)
Largo told you to be careful.
I didn't kill her.
She must have taken some poison.
A capsule in the mouth.
What do you think? Cyanide?
She's dead.
(ALARM SOUNDING)
- Ricardo.
- What's happened?
Ricardo! Someone's got him.
(MEN SHOUTING)
Search that way.
And you, the sharks' pool!
- What happened?
- I don't know.
Leave him! This way!
Stop it! Stop it! You fools!
He's got you all shooting at each other!
It started down there!
Over here!
No, no, no. I've got a better idea.
- Lift the tunnel hatch and let them in.
- Yes, sir.
Sorry, old chap. Better luck next time.
Tell Leiter to stay with the girl.
- I'll get back to him just as soon as I can.
- Anything else?
- Tell him Paula's dead.
- Okay.
(WATER SPLASHING IN BATHROOM)
Oh!
Hello!
Aren't you in the wrong room, Mr. Bond?
Not from where I'm standing.
Since you are here, would you mind
giving me something to put on?
Anyway, I'm very glad to
see you again, Mr. Bond.
I'm glad to see you again.
I had a feeling you've been avoiding me.
Well, you see, I had no idea
that we were next-door neighbors.
Oh, they just moved me down
this afternoon.
It's extraordinary, isn't it? Almost as if...
As if it was intended.
Yes, it is extraordinary.
Shouldn't you get out
of those wet clothes?
You'll catch your death of cold.
Now look, you know
we're going to be too late.
- Too late for what?
- The Junkanoo.
I promised my friends I'd meet them there.
Perhaps you know them. The Largos.
Questions, questions.
All I get is questions.
But the music is gonna go on
all night anyhow.
- Enough to drive you wild.
- Yeah?
Do you like wild things,
Mr. Bond, James Bond?
Wild?
You should be locked up in a cage.
This bed feels like a cage. All these bars.
Do you think I'll be safe?
You made a shocking mess
out of my hair, you sadistic brute.
Will you zip me up, please?
No wonder you can get dressed so quickly.
On the way we can have a little talk.
You may find it interesting. Come on.
I'm coming.
I hate to think I'm gonna miss anything.
And now we can go somewhere
for an interesting talk.
Friends of yours, no doubt. Come in!
You dress quickly, too.
I didn't see that gun in the mirror.
Not that it matters,
but that was under the pillow all the time.
- And when did you find out?
- You're wearing the same ring as Largo.
It's a ring I like to wear.
Vanity has its dangers.
Vanity, Mr. Bond,
is something you know so much about.
My dear girl, don't flatter yourself.
What I did this evening
was for king and country.
You don't think it gave me
any pleasure, do you?
But of course! I forgot your ego, Mr. Bond.
James Bond,
who only has to make love to a woman
and she starts to hear
heavenly choirs singing.
She repents, then immediately returns
to the side of right and virtue.
But not this one.
What a blow it must have been,
you having a failure.
Well, can't win them all.
We'll take him out the front way.
Go and get the car.
Careful, Mr. Bond, now. Careful.
Now look.
Get through to Palmyra and tell them
we're being held up by the Junkanoo.
All right.
Like to have a drink, man?
- Get him away!
- Go away!
- Don't you try anything now.
- Get out of here!
- Try it. It's real firewater.
- Get out of it! Get out of here!
Have a sip. It can't harm you, ma'am.
Go after him! Get him!
- You haven't seen anything?
- No.
Look!
Follow it. You, that side. You, there.
Stay with us now.
- Thank you. I'd love to.
- Love to what?
Oh, you're mad! Do you know that?
Yes! Isn't everyone?
May I cut in?
You should've told me your wife was here.
Do you come here often?
It's no good you trying
to escape, Mr. Bond.
I don't want to escape.
Strange as it may seem,
I've grown accustomed to your face.
Why don't you come with us quietly?
You don't seem to understand.
You see, I enjoy my dancing.
Mind if my friend sits this one out?
She's just dead!
You'll leave at 0600 hours
and land at Aden to refuel.
You will then proceed to the Mergui
Archipelago to make your drop
precisely at 20 degrees north,
60 degrees east.
The diamonds will be
in a special container...
I hate to give in like this.
Paying them blood money.
Letting them beat us.
- Have you an alternative suggestion?
- I'm afraid I haven't.
Your man 007,
I thought he was on to something.
I thought so too, sir.
- False alarm?
- Afraid so.
He obviously has a highly developed
sense of, shall we say, drama?
If 007 thought he was on to something...
It's a great pity he didn't make sure
before he started to shout the odds.
Well, we have exactly
14 hours and 50 minutes.
And then I suppose
we shall have to pay up
and look as happy as we can, shan't we?
Well, that's it, James.
We've looked about everywhere.
We've got to find that plane.
You won't find it down there.
That's the Golden Grotto.
Golden Grotto?
Yeah. All you'll find down there are sharks.
- Take it down. I want a closer look.
- Closer look at what?
Never mind! Take it down quick!
Set her down, Felix. I think we've found it.
There's something camouflaged
down there. I'll take a look.
Shoot one of those sharks.
It'll keep the others occupied.
Right.
I don't know how long the others will take
before they finish him off,
but they'll be back.
- I'll keep an eye on them.
- Good.
Take these.
She's down there, all right.
- Are the bombs on board?
- No.
- Oh, great! Now, what's our next move?
- We'll check on the Disco Volante.
If the bombs aren't on board her now,
they soon will be.
Who are you going to ask? Largo?
No, I don't think we'll have to.
I hope we didn't frighten the fish.
Ow!
Sea egg spines. They're poisonous!
Here, give me your arm.
Sit down.
Now turn over.
This is going to hurt a bit.
It's the first time I've tasted women.
They're rather good.
You're the only man to ever make me cry.
Except perhaps François, my brother,
when we were children.
Domino, I have to tell you something.
Oh, I'm sorry, James. I didn't mean to
embarrass you, speaking of love. I know...
- I must hurt you again.
- You're going away.
So sorry, my dear, but it's all over.
No, it's about your brother.
What about him?
François.
He's...
He's dead?
- What happened?
- It's a long story.
And it involves your friend Largo.
- Domino, I need your help.
- Of course.
That's why you made love to me.
Look, I can't explain what this is all about,
but you must trust me.
- Because you want me to help you?
- Look, Largo had your brother murdered,
or it was on his orders.
Thousands, hundreds of thousands
of people will die, and very soon,
if you don't help me.
That much we do know.
But there's something we don't.
The bombs, when they're being loaded
aboard the Disco Volante.
- How could I know that?
- That you'll have to find out.
It won't be easy.
It could be very dangerous.
What can he do to me
he hasn't already done?
Then you'll do it?
- Yes.
- Good.
This is a Geiger counter.
You press this lever.
If it starts clicking,
it means the bombs are aboard.
- What do I do then?
- Go straight up on deck.
As the Disco Volante is being watched,
you'll be spotted.
Vargas is behind you.
Really?
He must have followed us.
I think he got the point.
It should have been Largo.
Largo.
- When did he expect you back?
- Very soon now.
He said not to be late.
He was most insistent.
You better go straight back. I'll take care
of Vargas and everything here.
James, understand,
I'm doing this for my brother,
for what he did to him.
But promise me one thing. You will kill
Largo for me whatever happens.
- You haven't much time.
- All right.
Oh, something I remembered.
- It may not be important.
- Tell me. Everything is important.
There's a small bridge over the canal.
Largo never allows strangers to go near it.
- By the canal, there's a flight of steps.
- Where do the steps lead to?
Down into the sea,
on the far side of Palmyra.
Perhaps it is important, after all.
Put on your equipment.
Did we get a message saying
the girl went on board the Disco?
- Oh, yes, sir. Signal received at...
- Okay, okay.
- If she is on board, where's 007 now?
- That's a question.
Stand by. Five seconds.
Watch my signal.
- Prepare to get underway.
- All right, Captain.
Captain, weigh anchor.
Get underway immediately.
Once we pick up the merchandise,
head for our target area, Miami.
The Disco Volante is leaving, sir.
(GEIGER COUNTER TICKING)
I told you to stay in your cabin.
It's stuffy in there. I want a breath of air.
My dear, did you not hear me?
- Where did you get that?
- I bought it this morning.
- Let me see.
- No, why should I?
(GEIGER COUNTER TICKING FASTER)
Mr. Bond gave you this little toy,
I imagine.
And Vargas is dead!
No, my dear, there is no escape for you.
Like your friend,
you've been a little too clever.
And now you are caught!
You've given me much pleasure, Domino.
But in return, unless you tell me
how much Bond knows,
I'll be forced to cause you great pain.
This for heat, these for cold.
Applied scientifically and slowly.
Very, very slowly.
(DOMINO SCREAMING)
- What do you want?
- We're activating the bombs.
- You said you wanted to be told.
- Oh, yes.
A private little matter, my friend,
between the young woman and myself.
Go!
Do not live in hope, my dear.
There is no one to rescue you.
Now go on.
It's a good thing the homing capsule
he swallowed is still working.
Straight ahead.
Go right. Go on right!
Good. That's him!
Hold it!
Up!
Get your radio man on to Orlando Beach!
Warn them the target is Miami!
Also, the bomb is transferred
from the Disco Volante
onto a wreck off Fowley Point!
Right. Hang on to that.
- And the kitchen sink!
- On you, everything looks good.
Take this.
Good luck.
- Weigh anchor!
- Aye aye, sir.
(SHIP HORN SOUNDING)
(SIREN BLARING)
- Make smoke!
- Making smoke now.
- Stand by for conversion.
- Standing by.
Jettison cocoon!
Cocoon's away.
Keep firing! They're closing!
Come on! Fire! More! More! Over there!
Away from there.
We've still got one bomb aboard.
He's gone mad!
Please talk to them for me.
Tell them that I only did what I had to do,
what I was told to do.
Where is he?
Look, the bomb cannot be exploded now.
I threw the arming device into the sea.
- Do you understand?
- Yes.
Get him! Get him!
(HARPOON FIRING)
- I'm glad I killed him.
- You're glad!
- Who's he?
- I don't know but he helped me.
- Look out! The rocks!
- The reef!
He's jammed the controls! Come on!
- Come on, now, jump!
- I didn't learn to swim.
Never too late to learn.
Get down!